Don't capture `db.operation.name` and `db.collection.name` from query formats that support multiples (#1566)
open-telemetry/semantic-conventions: docs/attributes-registry/db.md

**[1]:** It is RECOMMENDED to capture the value as provided by the application without attempting to do any case normalization.

The collection name SHOULD NOT be extracted from `db.query.text`,
unless the query format is known to only ever have a single collection name present

> and the collection name is known to always be under the captured `db.namespace`.

Reviewer: > collection name is known to always be under the captured `db.namespace`

curious - why?

Also maybe 

```suggestion
and the collection name is known to always belong to the captured `db.namespace`.
```

(I've read it first as that collection name should be captured as `db.namespace`)

Author: > > collection name is known to always be under the captured `db.namespace`
> 
> curious - why?

I was thinking in cases where there's only ever a single collection name that it would probably(?) be easy to ensure (and would be a nice normalization), but I've removed this part from the PR since it's tangential anyways and I'll open separate issue to explore.
